Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
There's no record of an Andrea
Whitford being born here.
nor was Elizabeth Whitford
ever a patient of ours.
So this birth
certificate. it's a fake?
It doesn't appear to be.
Then why does it list Fairhaven
as the place of birth?
Did Dr. Phillips falsify
the information on it?
I'm not here to embarrass the
hospital or cause a scandal.
I'm running a homicide
investigation.
It would appear
that wrong information's
been recorded. yes.
Hey. you've reached Helen.
leave a message.
Leave a message.
Could you please.
um. call me back.
I really need to talk
to you about something.
Nico. What's up?
I think we've ID'd
Patrick Haber's blackmailer.
The view outside Haber's
office. two months ago.
There! Freeze it.
Zoom in.
Huh! It's Rachel Griggs.
I recognised her from one of
your missing persons reports.
She's in Haber's calendar. but
there's no patient file for her.
How many times did she see him?
Three times over
consecutive months.
The day before each appointment.
Haber withdrew five Gs
from his bank account.
That's 15 grand.
She had at least twice
that much money hidden.
Do you know if she was pregnant?
I don't.
Any idea on what
she had over him?
I'm betting it's got
something to do with Artemis.
Hey.
Sorry to hear about
you and Andie.
I'm sure you'll work it out.
Is that a prediction?
No. No. it's more a platitude.
What are you going to do now?
Well. you're the
psychic. you tell me.
No. I'm serious. I
could use some advice.
What?
What!?
I think you should leave.
Hey. what'd you find out?
I spoke to Shane Griggs.
No evidence that
Rachel was pregnant.
Yeah. figured as much.
And get this. she was
pregnant about 15 years ago.
when she left home
for the first time.
So Rachel's got a kid?
Well. no. according to what
Rachel told her old man.
the baby died.
stillborn apparently.
Okay. thanks.
Just getting some fresh
air. There she is.
- Thank you.
- No worries.
How you doing. Mum?
I need to ask you something.
Do you remember
the day I was born?
You were living in Yarraville.
in Kellaway Street.
Do you remember that house?
Hey. it's all good.
It's all good.
Here. I brought some old photos.
They might jog some memories.
Remember this?
The house! There's
the old oak tree.
Oh...
Andie.
Can you remember back for me?
You know. to when I was born.
Can you remember the
day. the day I arrived?
We were so happy. your father
and me. We'd waited so long.
She came to the door with you.
Who. Mum?
Who came to the door?
Your father was over the
moon. he was so excited.
So was I. I couldn't
stop shaking.
Who came to the door. Mum?
Jean did.
Did Jean tell you
where I came from?
What a wonder you
were. Oh. look at you.
So small and precious.
What did Jean tell you. Mum?
Oh. we were so lucky.
No one wanted the
brown baby but us.
Yeah. because Dad
was indigenous. but.
where did I come from?
From Jean.
No. Jean brought me to you.
So who was my birth mother?
Did Jean tell you?
Did she say anything about
me? Think Mum. please.
Mum?
Mum!
- Hey.
- Hey. how is he?
The doctor's still not
happy with his heart rhythm.
So Sam will be here
for at least another
couple of days.
- Okay?
- Thanks.
Your wife and Miers
staged their deaths.
This was taken from a
servo security camera
just outside of
Darwin last Saturday.
If Claire wanted a divorce.
she could have just asked me.
I don't think that's
why they took off.
They probably had an escape
plan in the works for years.
Escape plan from what?
The past. From Artemis.
Maddie wasn't just a once off?
That Claire. what. was
involved in illegal adoptions?
They weren't illegal adoptions.
They were actually
trafficking babies.
At least 35 of them.
Rachel Griggs is missing.
I think 15 years ago she
was a victim of this racket.
Recently she started
to blackmail them.
I think that led to a crisis.
Maybe Claire and Miers
decided to protect themselves
by silencing the others.
By killing them?
Or maybe paying the
Masons to do it for them.
You know Claire
better than anyone.
Do you think she's
capable of this?
Of hiring the Masons to kill?
I have no idea who
my wife is anymore.
I've been sitting here
watching you sleep.
I could have smothered
you with a pillow.
I could have injected rat
poison into your drip.
if I was a killer.
But you got me all wrong. Sam.
All the pain you've caused
me. it pales in comparison
to what you must be
going through right now.
facing your own mortality.
Who's the sick fuck now. hmm?
You've made my life
miserable. Sam.
My only comfort is knowing
that you're going to die
soon and you're going to die
having never caught
Luke Samson's killer.
I hope little Luke forgives
you. because I don't.
I've seen your future.
Sam. There's nothing there.
Just a big black void.
You're going to hell.
I'll save you a seat.
Your prints were found
inside the Hyundai.
I already told you. I drive
Lachie's car all the time.
Yeah. which means you
know where he kept it.
up in a garage on Buller.
Maybe you boys went up there
and took it without
Lachie knowing.
Didn't happen.
You've worked for
Harris for many years.
Are you and Claire close?
Not that close.
Michael Novak's abandoned
car was found on Timbertop.
Nothing to do with us.
Jean Grierson vanished from
the Buller to Stirling Trail.
So what?
She was killed with one
of your knives. Liam.
What's Lachie going to tell
me when I get to question him?
Well how the fuck would I know?
What if he tells me Liam's
never been in his car.
or that your brother's
never driven it?
Then he's a fucking liar.
I've got one of your knives
as the murder weapon.
We sell dozens of them.
I've got your brother's
prints in the car
that struck Rachel Griggs.
I can now connect Rachel
Griggs to the other victims.
This puts you boys.
firmly in the frame. Nash.
Or maybe. Liam acted alone.
Are we done?
Can I see me brother now?
Sure.
Let's go.
Get up.
Get onto the Darwin Police.
Make sure they've got
a territory-wide KALOF.
Yep.
How'd you go. Sarge?
Nothing to charge them with?
Not yet.
Until Claire Harris is caught
and extradited back here.
there's not a lot
more we can do.
- Where's Helen and Kirra?
- Come in.
I'm afraid Helen doesn't
want to talk to you.
Yeah. too bad. I want
to talk to her. Helen!
Then you'll have to phone her.
Face to face.
That's not possible. Sergeant.
- Are they in the studio?
- No. they're in Melbourne.
They left a few hours ago.
Helen has an appointment
with Benedict Roland
at his Richmond gallery.
I can't figure you out. Rose.
What are you up to here?
Up to?
What are you
getting out of this?
Is it about a commission?
I respect Helen's talent.
which is a damn sight
more than you do.
I beg your fucking pardon.
You've been using
Helen's tragedy for years
to control her.
to manipulate her.
Bullshit! You're the
one manipulating her.
I've liberated
Helen from her fear.
Best thing you can do
for her is to let her go.
Let her pursue her dream.
I've never stopped her.
Well look at what you did.
bringing her up here in
the middle of nowhere!
- To protect her.
- To isolate her.
Fortunately for
Helen. she met me.
You've been nothing but a
crane-weight around her neck.
And you're a cunt!
I'm afraid the Historical
Society's papers
aren't in the best of shape.
Aren't in the best of shape.
We've got old papers
going back from the 1800s.
But you just wanted stuff
from the 1960s. right?
Yeah.
Can I ask you what
you're looking for?
I might be able to steer
you in the right direction.
I'm looking for anything
that is related to
Rose De Vigny's place.
The Farm?
Why?
It's okay. Tammy. I appreciate
you bringing all this over.
but you can just
leave it with me.
Oh I can't do that. Andie.
These are original documents.
All these missing people.
and Jean Grierson.
the murdered hiker.
It's possible it's got
something to do with The Farm.
I dunno what exactly or how.
Okay.
Okay!
Kirra?
Hey...
It's cold. you
shouldn't be outside.
I can't sleep.
I didn't want to wake
anyone in the house.
Here.
Thank you.
Sophie. when did
you have your baby?
Sophie. what happened?
I. I went into lab
our two nights ago.
- One month premature.
- The baby?
Oh. you poor thing.
You're not alone in this.
You've got support.
You've got your Aunt Rose.
She's not really
my aunt. I um...
I got pregnant in the city.
and then I met Claire
Harris at the City Mission.
She's a charity worker
there. and she was real kind.
She told me about this place.
and said that it
would be a safe place
where I could have my baby.
I didn't even get to
hold him and oh...
What?
Rose. she rushed him out
when he wasn't breathing.
Afterwards she said it.
it'd be for the best
that I didn't see him.
Oh. no. no. no. you.
you need closer.
I'll talk to Rose in the morning
and I'll see if I
can sort something.
I promise.
Here's something.
It's the old
Brokenridge Gazette.
It's an article from June '74.
Before it was an orchard.
When it was still an
artist collective.
- That's Rose.
- Yeah.
Max Phillips.
Solomon?
Good morning.
Stay the fuck away from him.
It's not like I forced
him to come up here.
You've had your perverted
claws in Liam for years now.
I offered your brother a
sanctuary when he needed it.
My old man never made Liam
mow someone down on
the fucking road!
Why the fuck would you
want Rachel Griggs dead?
If you really want to
protect your brother.
I wouldn't go spreading that.
I'd hate for Liam to spend the
rest of his life in prison.
after everything
he's been through.
Oh shit! Kee! Where
the hell are you?
Kirra?
No. only me. I thought I saw
you up in the house just now.
- Were you looking for me?
- Oh. I was looking for Kirra.
Maybe she's just gone for
a walk in the orchard.
She's left her phone behind.
so yeah. she can't of gone far.
Mum!
Kee?
You fucking weirdo. Get off me.
Hey! You let her go!
One more word out of you and
I'll snap her fucking neck.
Rose! Rose! Rose?
Get in the ute. Helen.
Wha... Rose?
- Put her in the car.
- Hang on.
What?
We didn't sign up for this shit.
Want her going to the cops?
What the fuck is going on. Rose?
This is fucked.
You brought this on yourself.
Now clean up your own mess.
Kirra?
Kirra. it's okay.
That's the title
deed for The Farm.
It was purchased in 1982 by
Artemis Fidelity Holdings.
They're all part of this
baby trafficking racket.
But Claire and Miers
are still alive?
Yeah. they faked their
own disappearance.
They probably knew the shit
was going to hit the fan.
So. um. who killed the others?
Rose de Vigny. She's
the only one left.
Because I reckon it all
happened up at The Farm.
That's where the
babies were born.
Why would they do it?
Look at the financials.
They made serious money and
now she's cleaning house.
Some impressive
detective work. Sergeant.
Thanks. means a lot
coming from you.
It shouldn't!
Rose de Vigny's been
doing all of this
for years under my watch.
She sucked Helen in too.
Where you going?
Get a search warrant and then
I'm going to arrest the bitch.
Andie. be careful.
Sergeant Whitford.
The Masons have got
Helen and your daughter.
What?
I saw them in their ute
driving down the mountain.
Is this some more of
your psychic bullshit?
Because I'm over it.
They nearly ran me off the road.
Helen and Kirra
are in Melbourne.
Is that what Rose told you?
Look. I am standing in the
shed next to Helen's car.
If you don't believe me.
I can send you a photo.
They've got Helen and Kirra.
Alert Mansfield. put a
KALOF out on their ute.
I'm heading to the
Mason's property now.
Copy that.
No. no. no. no. no! Fuck!
No! No!
Hey. no. don't! Just let her go.
- I can't...
- Kirra!
Run. Kirra. run!
Run Kirra! Run Kirra!
No!
Yeah. copy that.
What are you doing?
What's it look like?
Tie the kid up.
Why? I thought we were just
going to fucking do 'em in.
We're going to leave them here.
Well someone will find them.
Yeah. in a few days.
which will give us time
to get the fuck away.
You should listen
to your brother.
And you should shut the fuck up!
If you don't have the balls.
I'll do 'em both myself.
Fuck this!
This is Mansfield.
We've got a couple
of units responding.
I spent my whole life
trying to protect you.
Yeah? Well you did a shit job.
He punched my fucking brains in.
Don't blame me for
what the old man did.
- He did a lot worse too.
- I don't want to hear it.
You let him fuck me up so
he wouldn't come after you.
- Bullshit.
- You knows it's true. Nash.
Shit!
Cops!
This is Sergeant Whitford!
Nash. Liam! I know you've got
Helen and Kirra there with you.
I want you to send
them out safely.
and then we can
figure something out.
We're not giving ourselves up.
Yeah. well. we're not
doing a hostage situation.
That's 30 years jail.
Don't make this situation
worse. You've got nowhere to go.
Should've left
when I said. mate.
No choice now.
You do what you want.
but I'm walking out this
door. getting in that ute.
and I'm driving away.
with this bitch!
No. no. don't!
Leave her. Take me!
No don't! Take me!
Please don't make
me shoot you. Nash.
Because I'll do it.
I'll do it.
You cops better
put your guns down.
I'll shoot her in
the fucking head.
Lower your weapons.
Do it!
Andie!
It's gonna be okay. Kee.
Now I'm getting in this ute.
and if you follow me.
if I so much as see a
cop car or a chopper.
I'll fucking put
a bullet in her.
Liam!
Kirra!
Nash. hold it right there.
Liam!
Down you go!
- You okay?
- My shoulder.
I'm right here. Kirra.
- She'll be fine.
- Thanks to you.
I can't believe I fell
for Rose's bullshit.
What happens now?
Oh. I'm going to arrest her.
Then we'll talk?
Are you here to collect Sam?
Ah. no. Why?
Oh. he checked himself out and
said he was getting picked up.
- Oh shit!
- What is it?
Silly old bugger's trying
to protect me again.
- Keep me updated.
- Yeah. of course.
I don't understand why we
have to traipse all this way.
Just keep moving.
Come on. Hurry up.
If you know who abducted me.
why can't you just tell me?
What the hell is this all about?
It's about Artemis.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
It never crossed your mind?
All the lives you
were destroying.
There were unwanted
pregnancies. Sam.
Those girls couldn't
look after their babies.
I was helping them.
Everyone benefited.
You're so fucking deluded.
What have I ever done to you?
You stole my child.
You didn't have a child.
Remember Deb?
I didn't even know
she was pregnant.
She just disappeared one day.
I offered her sanctuary.
A safe place where she could
have a baby and be comforted.
You told her the baby died.
She was 17. Sam. She
couldn't look after a child.
She killed herself.
because of you.
So what are you going
to do. Sam? Arrest me?
You're going to
jump off that bluff.
You are going to kill yourself
out of guilt and shame.
for what you've done.
If you want me dead. you're
going to have to shoot me.
Sam!
Let her go.
Let her go. Sam.
Andie please. just walk away.
You know I can't do that.
Step away from the edge.
Both of you. now!
He's out of his mind.
You killed Novak
and Jean Grierson.
He was you that tried to kill
me that night on the road.
Is that true?
Did you kill Michael
Novak and Jean Grierson?
I just...
I just wanted to know what
they'd done with Deb's baby.
Novak...
He. he ran away from me.
Fell down a ravine.
What about Grierson?
I trusted you.
Why?
It was Deb's suffering.
Before she took her
own life she told me.
that the baby didn't die.
She told me that the.
the Wirrk Wirrk stole our baby.
The Wirrk Wirrk?
I didn't know what it
was myself. until later.
And then I investigated.
and I found out
what she had done.
Rose is the Wirrk Wirrk.
Hands were I can see them. Sam.
It's alright.
I just want to
show you something.
I brought you up here so
I could get to know you.
Deb?
She was your mother.
Sam!
Oh. Sam.
Sam.
This is Sergeant Andie Whitford.
I need an ambulance to the
bluff at De Vigny's farm.
Sam Dyson's been shot.
[woman on radio]
Copy that. Sergeant.
Why didn't you tell me?
I couldn't
because of what I had
to do to. to find you.
You okay. Sarge?
Brett's filled us in on
everything that's happened.
but what the hell was
Sam Dyson doing here?
I think Sarge just needs
a bit of time here. boss.
Yeah. of course.
but I want a full report
first thing in the morning.
Yep.
Cheers Reza. let's
give her a sec.
Andie.
What?
And this is your Mum?
Deb.
Yeah. I can see you in her.
Hmm. and who's he?
That's Sam.
Ah...
Sam's my father.
Oh my God.
So what now?
I honestly don't know.
It's good you found
out the truth.
Found my mob.
Oh. this is massive. Hel.
Alright. I better
get back to Kee.
Coming?
Just give me a minute.
Sure.
What the hell am I
going to do. Sam?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org